refactor: refactor helm training session (#1)
wescale/k8s-dev-training: day-1/ex-4/README.md

2. Using the previous `values-dev.yaml` file, add a property to set the number of replicas to 2.
3. Upgrade the Helm release using the `values-dev.yaml` values file.
   - Inspect the deployment to verify that the number of replicas has been updated.
4. Find and fix the issue

## 4. Tests

> Objective: Understand helm tests

1. Inspect the `simpleapp/tests/test-connection.yaml` file
    - What is the purpose of this file ?
    - What command is executed ?
2. Using `helm` commands, run the tests for the deployed release.
3. Fix the issue in the chart and run the tests again.

## 5. Fail a deployment

> Objective: Understand how to rollback a failed deployment

1. Create a new values file `values-fail.yaml` to set the image to `nginx:fail`
2. Launch a new release using the `values-fail.yaml` file.
3. Access the service in your browser using the appropriate `minikube service` command.
4. Use `helm` commands to lookup installed helm releases.
5. Use `kubectl` commands to inspect the resources (pods, deployments, replicasets)
6. Use `helm` commands to rollback the failed release to the previous revision.

### 6. Cleaning

```sh
helm uninstall <REPLACE BY MY APP NAME>
```

> ## Bonus: play with functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bonus: play with functions and named templates
```

Author: Applied, thanks

> > Objectives: Create a template to add environment variables to you chart

Reviewer: Ajouter lien vers doc ? https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/named_templates/

Author: Applied, thanks

> 1. Create a function to add environment variables to the deployment in the `_helpers.tpl` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a named template to add environment variables to the deployment in the `_helpers.tpl` file.
```

Author: Applied, thanks
